AGENT-BASED MODEL OF AN ONLINE Q & A PLATFORM SOFTWARE LICENCE


BEFORE USING THIS SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENCE. 
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT DOWNLOAD THE SOFTWARE.  


This Software License Agreement ("Agreement") between you and National 
University of Ireland Galway ("NUIG") governs the use of the Software (as 
defined below). Please read this Agreement carefully.  

1.	DEFINITIONS
"Software" means Agent-Based Model of an Online Q & A Platform computer 
software.

2.	GRANT OF LICENCE FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, NUIG hereby grants you a 
limited, royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferrable, non-sublicensable, 
personal, revocable right to use the Software for non-commercial purposes. You 
may only install the Software on one (1) computer and the Software may only be 
used by you. A separate licence is required for each additional computer and use
by an individual user.

3.	OWNERSHIP
3.1	All title, ownership rights, and intellectual property rights in and to the 
Software, and any copies of and/or updates, additions, and modifications to the 
Software, shall at all times be and remain vested in NUIG. The Software is 
protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as 
other intellectual property laws and treaties and you shall have no right, title
or interest therein or thereto, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.  
3.2	You undertake and warrant that any additions, updates, amendments, 
modifications, adaptations or improvements which you make to all or part of the 
source code of the Software (including but not limited to the use of application
programming interfaces (API’s)) ("Improvements") will automatically be owned by
NUIG. To the extent that they are not automatically owned by NUIG, you hereby 
irrevocably assign all Improvements to NUIG.

4	RESTRICTIONS
4.1	You may not reproduce, modify, or reverse engineer the Software or any 
product, process or other commercial offering incorporating the Software or 
permit any third party to do any of the foregoing. You further agree not to 
translate the Software into any computer language aside from the current source 
code language.
4.2	You acknowledge and represent that you will only use the Software for 
internal research purposes in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. You 
warrant that you will not loan, distribute, market, sub-licence, export or sell 
the Software.
4.3	You may not assign or transfer your rights with respect to the Software.  

5.	DISCLAIMER AND LIMITITATION OF WARRANTY
5.1	You acknowledge that the Software has not been developed to meet your 
individual requirements and that it is therefore your responsibility to ensure 
that the facilities and functions of the Software meet your requirements.
5.2	You acknowledge that the Software is provided on an "AS IS" basis without 
warranty of any kind, without any maintenance, debugging, improvement or any 
other kind of support. You expressly acknowledge and agree that your use of the 
Software is at your sole risk. NUIG does not warrant that the Software will be 
uninterrupted or error free, or that defects in the Software will be corrected; 
nor does it make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from your 
use of the Software. NUIG expressly disclaims to the fullest extent permitted by
law all warranties, expressed and implied, including but not limited to, 
warranties of title and non-infringement and the implied warranties of 
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

6.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
6.1	To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, under no circumstances 
and under no legal theory, tort, contract, or otherwise, shall NUIG be liable to
you (or to any third party) for any indirect, special, incidental, or 
consequential damages of any character including, without limitation, damages 
for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and
all other commercial damages or losses arising out of the use of or inability to
use the Software, even if NUIG shall have been informed of the possibility of 
such damages. 
6.2	Other than the losses set out in Clause 6.1 (for which we are not liable), 
NUIG's maximum aggregate liability under or in connection with this Agreement 
whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, shall in all 
circumstances be limited to a sum equal to the total fees paid by you to NUIG. 

7.	PUBLICATIONS
Any publications or academic research made by you which is based or partly based
on findings obtained using the Software including where the Software is used to 
gather data or information used in such publications or academic research must 
contain the following clause: "This publication utilised the Agent-based Model 
of an Online Q&A Platform software under a non-commercial licence from National 
University Of Ireland, Galway."

8.	NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE SUPPORT OR UPDATES
NUIG is under no obligation to maintain, debug, improve or provide any other 
kind of support for the Software, or to provide you with updates, bug fixes, 
builds or error corrections (collectively "Software Updates"). If NUIG, at its 
sole option, provides Software Updates to you, the Software Updates will be 
considered part of the Software and subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement.

9.	TERMINATION
9.1	Notwithstanding anything else contained herein, this Agreement may be 
terminated by NUIG immediately upon notice of termination in the event of breach
by you of any term or condition of this Agreement which you fail to remedy 
within ten (10) days from the date of receipt of a request from NUIG to remedy 
the breach. In the event of a material breach by you of any term of condition of
this Agreement, NUIG shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement forthwith on 
notice. NUIG reserves its right to seek all other remedies available to it in 
law and equity.  
9.2	Upon termination for any reason: (a) all rights granted to you under this 
Agreement shall cease; (b) you must cease all activities authorised by this 
Agreement; and (c) you must immediately delete or remove the Software from all 
computer equipment in your possession or under your control.

10	ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This Agreement (and all documents referred to herein or as may be subsequently 
revised or amended from time to time) contains the entire and exclusive set of 
terms and conditions for the subject matter hereof and may not be modified, 
except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of both parties. All of the 
terms and provisions of this Agreement are distinct and severable and if any 
term or provision is ruled invalid, void or unenforceable, in whole or in part 
by any court, such term or provision shall be interpreted to be enforceable to 
the maximum extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions 
shall stay in full force and effect.

11.	WAIVER
If NUIG fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under this 
Agreement, or if NUIG do not enforce their rights against you, or if NUIG delay 
in doing so, that will not mean that NUIG have waived their rights against you 
and will not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations. If NUIG
do waive a default by you, NUIG will only do so in writing, and that will not 
mean that NUIG will automatically waive any later default by you.

12.	GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement is governed by the laws of Ireland and the Irish courts shall 
have exclusive jurisdiction over all matters pertaining to this Agreement.
have exclusive jurisdiction over all matters pertaining to this Agreement.

